oh my god it is a blue ring
octopus see those beautiful blue
circles
those aren't to make it look
pretty that's warning coloration
believe it or not this tiny
little creature is one of the
most venomous marine animals in
the entire world the blue ring
dr. Busch has been a thousand
times more toxic than cyanide
and there's no known cure
I was bitten by this little guy
i could suffer from paralysis
and heart attack
I could die within minutes time
to quit while i'm ahead and push
on
yeah
but the weather
suddenly has other ideas
a little mini cloudburst just
passed by anything only about a
minute and a half filled up my
boat I see what happens if a big
storm came by this rainwater is
mixing with seawater that
seeping in my boat so it's not
for drinking the dual threat of
storms and leaks has got me
thinking
faced with two routes around
this island I've decided to take
the less exposed a channel that
I know will be shallow but which
turns out to be harder going
than I expected
yeah
the shoreline here is thick with
mangroves trees and shrubs that
grow in salt water sediment
these inhospitable swamps can be
home to crocodiles and sea
snakes but also to useful edible
species
this feels like some sort of
weird prehistoric world it's
really hard to walk because the
Mucky bottom and then it's got
these mangrove roots that are
just shooting straight up into
the air a weird place